Add Lab 2.11 release notes (#395)
memgraph/documentation: pages/release-notes.mdx

</Callout>

## Lab v2.11.0 - Jan 3, 2023

{<h3> New features and improvements </h3>}

- Import CSV files using the CSV import configuration
  tool instead of writing Cypher queries.

> - The query plan chart is now available in the Summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The query plan chart is now available in the *Summary*
```

> - The query plan chart is now available in the *Summary*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The query plan chart is now available in the Summary
```

  tab for each query run.
- You can profile a query plan to enrich the query plan
  chart with the absolute and relative execution time
  spent on each query plan step.
- The generated query plan can be downloaded in the JSON format.
- LLM GraphChat now works even when connected to Neo4j.
- Query data view will be shown by default if there are
  non-graph data in the query results.

{<h3> Bug fixes </h3>}

> - Hiding nodes in the *Graph results* view now works as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hiding nodes in the Graph results view now works as expected.
```

> - You can import CSV files with the CSV import configuration
>   tool without writing a single Cypher query.
> - The query plan chart is now available in the summary
>   tab for each query run.
> - You can profile a query plan to enrich the query plan
>   chart with the absolute and relative execution time
>   spent on each query plan step.
> - You can download generated query plan in JSON format.
> - LLM GraphChat now works even when connected to Neo4j.
> - Query data view will be shown by default if there are
>   non-graph data in the query results.
> 
> {<h3> Bug fixes </h3>}
> 
> - Hiding nodes on graph view now work as expected.
> - Lists in the notifications are now shown with correct
>   indentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Import CSV files using the CSV import configuration
  tool instead of writing Cypher queries.
- The query plan chart is now available in the *Summary*
  tab for each query run.
- You can profile a query plan to enrich the query plan
  chart with the absolute and relative execution time
  spent on each query plan step.
- The generated query plan can be downloaded in the JSON format.
- LLM GraphChat now works even when connected to Neo4j.
- Query data view will be shown by default if there are
  non-graph data in the query results.

{<h3> Bug fixes </h3>}

- Hiding nodes in the *Graph results* view now works as expected.
- Lists in the notifications are now shown with correct
  indentation.
```
